Magento 2437 ooops cart not found (#13)
shopgate/ext-magento-cart: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/) and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

## [Unreleased]
### Fixed

> - create new cart if it was deleted in Magento

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- issue when a cart was deleted from Magento database, now it creates a new one instead of throwing a hard error
```
